Updates for Parcel 2 stable release (#446)
GoogleChromeLabs/tooling.report: tests/non-js-resources/subtests/custom/parcel/index.md

---
result: pass
---

> A custom [Transformer](https://parceljs.org/plugin-system/transformer/) plugin can be used to wrap the binary data in a custom JavaScript class. The binary data is converted to a Base64 string to be inlined into a generated module. In the generated module, the Base64 string is passed through a function that converts it back to binary, then passed to our `CustomType` constructor and exported. The helper function and `CustomType` class are imported from a file on disk, enabling them to be inlined or deduped like any other module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A custom [Transformer](https://parceljs.org/plugin-system/transformer/) plugin can be used process and expose the binary data as desired. In this example, the binary data is converted to a Base64 string and inlined and then exposed as our own `CustomType`. The helper function and `CustomType` class are imported from a file on disk, enabling them to be inlined or deduped like any other module.
```
